# Output generated by @ua_chatgpt_bot

Ваше питання: Write a story which must begin with this sentence: “I had to set off for school a little earlier than usual that morning”. 
When you write a story: 
1. Use a range of verb forms; 
2. Use adverbs to describe verbs like really, quietly, simple, quickly, completed
3. Use adjectives to describe nouns.
4. It must consist of three parts: a beginning, a middle and an end.

Відповідь: I had to set off for school a little earlier than usual that morning. The sun was already beginning to peek through the trees and the fresh morning air stung my cheeks as I walked along the driveway. Even at this early hour, I could feel the day would be a long one. 

The birds were singing as I arrived at the school gates and I hurriedly grabbed my bag and walked in. The brisk morning air seemed to invigorate me and I felt a surge of energy that normally wouldn't come to me until the end of the day.

When I reached my classroom, I was amazed at the transformation that had occurred in such a short time. The same grey walls that had been barren just hours before were now lit up by colourful decorations and cheery posters. As I took off my coat, I noticed that my desk had been adorned with my favourite pencil holder, a bundle of freshly sharpened pencils and a stack of newly sharpened crayons. The teacher was beaming as I walked in, and I immediately knew that it was going to be a special day.

We began our lesson and the hours flew by. Before I knew it, the sun was setting and the classroom was beginning to buzz with the sounds of students leaving. I rushed to grab my bag and dashed out, feeling energised and elated. All I seemed to remember was the excitement everyone had shared, the colourful decorations and the joy of taking in such a new and happy atmosphere. 

I ran back home with a newfound appreciation for my school, excited to come back the next day. As I approached my house and the sun slowly disappeared behind the horizon, I thought to myself, “Thank goodness I had to go to school early that morning”.

