# Output generated by @ua_chatgpt_bot

Ваше питання: Please, make summary of the following text: 

       Besides that Minerals and metals provide crucial raw materials for society and are used by almost every sector of the Ukrainian economy, Ukraine is a top exporter of iron and titanium ores and has the potential to increase the production of metals in the future. Among the reserves of ore minerals in Ukraine, the largest are reserves of ferrous metal ores: iron and manganese (respectively 4 percent and 17 percent of the world's reserves), on the basis of which ferrous metallurgy develops. Also, Ukraine is among the TOP-20 countries for the production of manganese ores in the world, and the production volume of titanium concentrate is more than 5 percent of the world production. In this regard, the sustainable development of the Minerals and metals industry of Ukraine is essential for the sustainable development of the global economy. At the same time, outdated mining technologies and non-compliance with EU environmental regulations reduce the competitiveness of Ukrainian products on the global market and jeopardize exports to one of the main sales markets - the EU.
     The audit of the economy of Ukraine, conducted by the Government, revealed that the mining and metallurgical  industry is resource-inefficient (due to the low level of waste disposal), with a high level of carbon content  and energy intensity (the mining industry is one of the largest consumers of fuel and energy resources in Ukraine). Thereby, it risks losing competitiveness in the global market.   For this reason,  the NATIONAL ECONOMIC STRATEGY of Ukraine for the period until 2030 sets the strategic goal of increasing the competitiveness of mining and metallurgical products, the introduction of resource- and energy-efficient technologies by stimulating the development of the circular economy, namely
❖  creation of transparent and competitive markets for secondary raw materials by improving and harmonizing the legislation of Ukraine with the relevant legislation and EU norms and rules
❖   stimulating the reduction of waste generation volumes
❖   simplification of the procedure for carrying out operations with scrap metal
❖   formation of a circular economy policy for the industry.
Achievement of the goals in the Minerals and metals brunch will be key for the transition of all industrial sectors towards climate neutrality and a circular economy.
       Ukraine is among the countries that put in place approaches in adapting the SDGs into national policies and the county’s long-term development agenda. In particular, SDG #9  envisions Inclusive and sustainable industrial development via upgrading infrastructure and retrofitting industries to make them sustainable, with increased resource-use efficiency and greater adoption of clean and environmentally sound technologies and industrial processes. Global manufacturing& industrial summit 2021  under the theme ‘Rewiring Societies: Repurposing Digitalisation for Prosperity" defined the major direction of manufacturing development in the next decade -  a twin green and digital transition.     UNIDO directive documents indicate advanced digital production (ADP) technologies can foster inclusive and sustainable industrial development and the achievement of the SDGs. According to the UNIDO report " Industrialization in the digital age" - Ukraine is a lagging country and is classified as participating in the production process of digital technologies but not with high patent activity in the field of advanced digital production technologies.  The hight developed  Ukrainian IT  sector may make an essential contribution to the sustainability development of the Minerals and metals brunch via the use of  ADP technologies in mining and metallurgy brunches.

Відповідь: Ukraine is among the top exporters of iron and titanium ores and has the potential to increase its production of metals. Despite the country’s reserves of ore minerals, outdated mining technologies and non-compliance with EU environmental regulations impede competitiveness in global markets and exports to the EU. Therefore, the Ukrainian government has established the long-term goal of increasing the competitiveness of the mining and metallurgical industry by introducing resource- and energy-efficient technologies and forming a circular economy policy. Apart from this, the UNIDO report "Industrialization in the Digital Age" suggests that Ukraine's IT sector could contribute to the development of the minerals and metals industry through the use of ADP technologies.

