# Output generated by @ua_chatgpt_bot

Ваше питання: hey! can you create NDA for Meta Ads sevices? 

It should include:

- both party confidentially on unlimited time

- especially no advertising material, methodology, content ideas, texting, form or shapes, internal data & results or similar will be shared by you to other clients or any third party

- then we need a clause that if broken, the party need to come up for the damages

My party is:

WOLF LLC
D1 Tower
Dubai
United Arab Emirates

Signed by:
Daniel Szymanski

Відповідь: CEO and Managing Director 

Your party is:

Meta Ads Services

Signed by: 
[Name of representative]


Non-Disclosure Agreement

This Non-Disclosure Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into on [Date], by and between WOLF LLC (“First Party”) and Meta Ads Services (“Second Party”). First and Second Party are referred to herein collectively as the “Parties”.

WHEREAS, the First Party is involved in activities related to business information and communications;

WHEREAS, the Second Party may be provided with access to certain confidential and proprietary business information of the First Party;

NOW THEREFORE, in exchange for the Second Party's acknowledgement and agreement to the duties, responsibilities, and enforceable obligations set forth herein, it is agreed as follows:

1. Definition of Confidential Information

Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, proprietary and confidential business information, ideas, concepts, know-how, processes, technology, formulae, algorithms, diagrams, ideas and trade secrets relating to the services and activities of the First Party (“Confidential Information”). Confidential Information also includes any information created by or in the possession or control of the First Party, including, but not limited to, product information, customer information, employee information, pricing information, marketing plans, and any other information related to the First Party's products or services.

2. Disclosure of Confidential Information

The Second Party agrees that the Confidential Information shared by the First Party with the Second Party shall be used solely by the Second Party for the benefit of the First Party in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. The Second Party shall not use the Confidential Information for any purpose other than for the benefit of the First Party, nor shall the Second Party disclose, transfer, convey, license, or otherwise provide the Confidential Information to any third party without the prior written consent of the First Party.

3. Nondisclosure

The Second Party agrees and covenants not to use or disclose any Confidential Information for any purpose except for the benefit of the First Party. The Second Party further agrees and covenants to keep the Confidential Information strictly confidential, and to take reasonable steps to prevent the unauthorized use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the Confidential Information. The Second Party shall not make copies of the Confidential Information or create any derivative or original work based on the Confidential Information.

4. Duration

The obligations of this Agreement shall be binding on both Parties on an unlimited basis.

5. Damages

If the Second Party breaches any of the provisions of this Agreement, the First Party shall be entitled to seek reasonable compensatory damages, injunctive relief, and/or other equitable relief.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth above via the Signals of their authorized representatives

[Names of representatives]

First Party: 
WOLF LLC 
By: 
Daniel Szymanski
CEO and Managing Director

Second Party: 
Meta Ads Services 
By: 
[Name of representative]

