# Output generated by @ua_chatgpt_bot

Ваше питання: Write an essay on the topic: Am I a planner or a procrastinator

Відповідь: For many of us, how we go about tackling tasks can be boiled down to two types of people; the planners and procrastinators. Planning ahead and completing tasks on or ahead of schedule versus the constant cramming and frantic drive for completion that can arise when procrastination is involved. So, which of these describes me? 

To answer that, I first must reflect upon the last year of my school, job, and personal life. In my classes, I have found that I have been able to do well as an independent and responsible taskmaster. I have written essays, memorized works of literature, and prepared minute details of complex research projects well in advance of the deadlines set. It is no surprise then that many of my teachers have praised my planning skills and analytical approach to coursework.

However, when it comes to projects and tasks outside of school, I have often found myselfprocrastinating — at least to some degree. It is certainly not for lack of desire or commitment, but I know that I get sidetracked and often struggle to stick to my own schedules and goals. I make lists, set deadlines, and aim to complete tasks but life often gets in the way, distracting me and making it difficult for me to stay on track.

At the end of the day, I am a mix of the two — both a planner and a procrastinator. I do take great pride on my ability to assess a task, layout my goals, and prioritize what needs to be done and when. However, I am also driven to complete tasks, and am willing to leave other tasks unfinished until the last minute, often pushing them to the back burner until a deadline is looming, or until there is no other choice but to seek results quickly and efficiently.

In some ways, I think this blend suits and serves me best, though it is not always the easiest way to go about achieving my tasks and goals. I do, however, continually strive to find the right balance between planning and procrastinating — to find a way to maximize efficiency while still allowing me the flexibility to tackle last minute projects and tasks without getting overwhelmed.

We all have different styles of going about our tasks, and as for me I would say that my unique blend of planning and procrastination is something that I have embraced and learned to work with and around.

