# Output generated by @ua_chatgpt_bot

Ваше питання: Напиши есе англійською на 100 слів на тему About people's dependence on computers та дай відповіді на питання What things will they be used in future for? Is it good that we depend on computers?''

Відповідь: People have become heavily dependent on computers in all aspects of life. Computers have fundamentally changed our lives — from how we communicate to how we shop, pay bills, and manage our finances. In the business world, computers are the backbone of the global economy.

Computers are used for so many different purposes, from helping people write documents, to providing entertainment, to helping conduct research. Computers are also used to create sophisticated software programs and to run complex calculations. Computers have revolutionized the way information is shared and created — and have greatly increased our ability to store and organize large amounts of data.

As technology advances and more powerful computers are created, the ways we use them will also change. Computers will be used for tasks that may seem impossible today. For example, computers in the future will be able to help us analyze vast amounts of data to make decisions. They will be used to teach artificial intelligence and robotics, allowing computers to think and act like humans.

Is it good that we depend on computers? That is a difficult question to answer as it depends largely on the way computers are used and how people interact with them. On one hand, computers can be used for a variety of helpful tasks and enable people to be more productive. On the other hand, it can be argued that too much dependence on computers might lead to a lack of analytical skills, creativity, and individuality.

Overall, people's dependence on computers is both beneficial and potentially detrimental. As technology progresses, it is essential to consider the implications of its use and be mindful of how we interact with computers.

What things will they be used in future for? 
In the future, computers will be used for more sophisticated tasks, such as helping us analyze large amounts of data, teaching artificial intelligence and robotics, and helping to create more accurate predictions and decisions.

